[Music]
eight of the cutest dog breeds that'll
make you go
Oh words can't express how loyal and
loving man's best friend truly is a dog
will greet you with a big smile and a
wagging tail each time you walk in the
door or quietly sit by your side and
support when you're feeling your
absolute lowest maybe this is why dog
owners actually live longer according to
a new study involving over 3 million
people
pups provide you with companionship and
joy the only thing you need to worry
about is cuteness overload especially if
you own one of the breeze we're gonna
talk about today so consider yourself
warned here are the cutest of the cuties
in the canine world but before you
calibrate your kudo meter go ahead and
click on that red subscribe button and
ring the notification bell so that you
won't miss any of the new stuff coming
out daily here on the bright side of
life
okay back to business 1 the Pomeranian
if you ever see a ball of fluff bouncing
towards you don't be alarmed that's just
a baby Pomeranian happy to see you these
little guys usually don't grow larger
than 12 inches tall and you can easily
spend the whole day carrying your pet
around with you they rarely weigh more
than 7 pounds with all this in mind it's
now probably hard to believe that these
tiny animals used to herd reindeer and
pull slits and did you know that
Pomeranians come in 23 different colors
black chocolate beaver saber white or
orange you can pick any shade to your
liking whatever color you choose you'll
have yourself a fiercely protective
companion in a bite size package your
little watchdog won't let anyone sneak
up on you unnotice Pomeranian moms can
give birth to twins and if you think
that's no great feat you should know
that it's one of the rarest phenomena in
the dog world palm twins have separate
embryonic sacs but share one umbilical
cord the Pomeranian is even known to
have inspired great artists
according to one legend when
Michelangelo was painting the ceiling of
the Sistine Chapel his pet
Iranian was relaxing on a silk pillow
nearby and watching his master work to
the shar-pei as soon as you set your
eyes on a baby shar-pei your heart will
be stolen forever maybe the magic is in
all those sweet wrinkles also a shar-pei
will always choose your company over
that of other dogs canine experts
compare living with this roly poly to
sharing your home with an inquisitive
vigorous and intelligent friend Shar
Peis have a lifespan of about 8 to 10
years and don't get much bigger than a
shoulder height of 20 inches and it
won't be impossible to carry this dog if
such a necessity arises they're rarely
heavier than 60 pounds people originally
bred Shar Peis to be so wrinkled as
protection against other animals attacks
the more wrinkles the better defense a
dog had against bites in ancient China
they were used in hunting and later
sadly enough in dog fighting they were
even popular in the Roman Empire as
combat dogs marching into battle
alongside Roman legions but nowadays
it's hard to imagine this adorable
creature as some canine gladiator or
frontline soldier I mean just look at
that face the only thing that comes to
mind is how cute 3 the Cavalier King
Charles Spaniel this floppy eared little
fellow doesn't grow taller than 13
inches and weighs just 14 to 18 pounds
which makes it quite easy to take your
pet anywhere you go it's next to
impossible to resist the charm of those
big brown eyes and flowing fur
judging from the name of this breed it
has to be somehow connected with royalty
right well the Cavalier King Charles is
in fact a rather new breed but its
predecessor the toy spaniel was
incredibly popular in the 16th to 18th
centuries it did indeed lie around in
royal beds and decorate receptions of
nobility as for the Cavalier King
Charles Spaniel king charles ii who gave
this breed its name was so much in love
with these cuties that his dogs had
access to virtually any building even
the house of parliament Cavalier King
Charles Spaniels are some of the most
sweet tempered
and playful creatures they love nothing
more than to snuggle in your lap or on
soft comfortable cushions at the same
time they can be pretty good runners too
they love chasing birds squirrels
chipmunks or the occasional butterfly
and it's good to let your pup pursue
these sorts of playmates
because cavalier spaniels need a good
amount of exercise otherwise they tend
to become apathetic and overweight this
polite and peaceful pup is always
willing to please but when you leave
your pet alone for too long they suffer
from separation anxiety which leads to
constant barking and destructive
behavior for the be Shaw frisée have you
ever seen anything cuter than this white
bundle of curly fur these dogs are
fluffed balls of personality and a pure
delight to have around they love going
places whether it's a walk in the park
or a weekend out of town this dog will
say count me in and taking your Bashan
with you isn't a challenge whatsoever
with a weight of 10 to 20 pounds and a
maximum height of 12 inches this
bite-sized pooch is the perfect travel
companion Bichon Frise
don't require a lot of exercise making
them the perfect pet for the elderly
they're also easy to Train they love
pleasing their masters in exchange for a
tasty treat of course if you're a
first-time dog owner a Bichon Frise will
be your best choice just try not to
leave these loving creatures alone they
quickly become unhappy and anxious
without their human and their shrill
barking will let everyone in the
neighborhood know about it 5 the
Papillon just look at those ears if they
don't make you go oh then I don't know
what can in fact their outstanding
butterfly shaped ears earn the breed its
name Papillon means butterfly in French
paps are considered a toy breed and
that's pretty understandable given the
fact that they only grow as tall as 8 to
11 inches and are no heavier than 10
pounds but if you hope that this fluffy
beauty will spend days on end curled in
your lap you're in for a huge
disappointment these pups have tons of
energy and need constant activity so
that they don't get bored if
fail to entertain your pooch be ready
for a ruined home and incessant barking
try interactive games and agility
exercises
this breed can't get enough of them as
long as you manage to keep your Papillon
occupied you'll find that this dog is
surprisingly low maintenance they feel
good in cold and hot weather and can
easily live in both private houses and
apartments they don't even need any
special assistance when giving birth to
a litter of tiny butterfly eared pups 6
the French Bulldog the two main features
of a French Bulldog are its wrinkly
smushed in face and its large bat ears
hmm doesn't exactly sound like a cutie
does it well when this is the face of
one very affectionate dog these traits
become absolutely irresistible French
bulldogs don't usually grow taller than
12 inches and their average weight is
about 20 pounds
these dogs make some of the best
companions they're usually well-behaved
and easy to handle but this dog needs
all your attention and loves to be in
the spotlight such a pet will feel
perfectly happy indoors and doesn't
require tons of exercise
a couple of 15-minute walks will be all
your pup needs training a friend she can
be a challenge though they tend to be
stubborn and quickly lose interest if an
activity seems boring to them but you'll
instantly forget all the difficulties as
soon as you see this sweetiepie happily
curled up on the sofa snoring away 7 the
Pug if you're a pug owner you know that
it's almost impossible to take your dog
for a walk without it being bombarded by
admirers growing no taller than 14
inches at the shoulder and usually
weighing between 14 and 18 pounds these
big eyed wrinkled face dogs are cute in
their own special way but the best
description of a pug would be lots of
dog in a little bit of space they're
full of energy and extremely fun-loving
they've earned the nickname shadows
thanks to their habit of literally
gluing themselves to their owners these
little pooches can be pretty stubborn
but by no means are they aggressive when
they aren't napping which let's be
honest they spend most of their time
doing they're eager to run play and
well eat lazy by nature bugs don't need
a lot of activity a leisure walk
everyday will be enough to keep your pup
healthy sadly that adorable pushed-in
snout of theirs is also the reason why
pugs are prone to breathing problems
they're simply unable to draw in deep
and long breaths which is why they often
sniffle when they run this peculiarity
also makes them poor swimmers and not
particularly fond of flying by plane by
the way did you know that the most
desirable and perfect tail of a pug has
two full curls hmm I don't know about
you but they're all perfect to me eight
the ciao ciao
if you love plenty of fluff a Chow Chow
is exactly what you need unlike the
others on today's list this is a pretty
big dog but that doesn't make it any
less cute the biggest representatives of
this breed can grow as tall as 20 inches
and weigh up to 75 pounds so of course
this fluff ball will definitely be a
challenge to carry around the most
remarkable feature of the chow chow
other than its off-the-charts fluff
factor is its unique blackish blue
tongue the most curious thing is that
puppies are born with ordinary pink
tongues that later become much darker
what's more Xiao house have 44 teeth
while all other dogs can boast only 42
if you treat a Chow Chow with love
you'll get a deeply attached and loyal
companion and Guardian the sweet
fluffiness of this breed can make you
forget that these dogs were actually
bred to be aggressive this makes the
Chow Chow fiercely protective of its
family and property that's why it may be
a good idea to contemplate your first
instinct to pet this cutie if you see it
on the street shall we take a vote on
the cutest dog in this video right your
choice in the comments below and let us
know why this particular pooch charms
you the most and if you're a real dog
lover whose heart was melting all the
way through this video give us a thumbs
up see you next time on the bright side
of life
[Music]